Previously on
"Resident Alien"...
I have not told you anything.
You are nothing to the Greys.
I do not think
they will let you live.
The Greys will harness the
intense power of the caldera.
But I do not know
why they are doing it.
They cannot live long
in Earth's gravity.
At least let me remember
this time.
Peter trusted me.
If Peter trusted you,
he would have given you
the key.
Who better to fight aliens
than someone
who can see aliens?
[gasps]
You're a Blue Avian.
Can I change?
Huh.
I see Heather.
I know what this is.
My knees are weak,
and my palms are sweating.
I am in love.
[tranquil music]
♪ ♪
[breathes deeply]
[water bubbling]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
[gasps]
Ah!
♪ ♪
The ball
appears to be organic.
It can only be controlled
by the Earth alien Harry.
Bring him to us.
♪ ♪
[Brown Bird's "Bilgewater"]
[laid-back acoustic strumming]
♪ ♪
[The Mamas and the Papas'
"Go Where You Wanna Go"]
[cawing]
Ooh, oh, look!
The dumb humans look like ants.
You look so stupid
on your legs with no wings
on the dumb ground!
[laughs]
Our life is better than yours
in every way!
[laughs]
- Attraction is
simple physics.
All objects with mass
are drawn to each other
till they meet
and there is a release.
♪ ♪
Heather and I
have become very close,
so the pull I feel
toward her is strong.
Oh, this is a new shop.
- Ooh.
[birds chirping]
No.
Harry, no.
- * With whoever
you wanna do it with ♪
- Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Come on, come on!
What are you doing?
- [laughs]
- The male bird of paradise
puffs out his chest
and performs
an elaborate dance
to attract a female mate.
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
♪ You gotta go
where you wanna go ♪
♪ Do what you wanna do ♪
♪ With whoever
you wanna do it with ♪
- I have felt the pull before,
but not like this.
All I want is to be with her.
I do not even mind
that she never showers
and instead just splashes
around in a kiddie pool.
- * You don't understand ♪
♪ That a girl
like me can love ♪
♪ Just one man ♪
[both cooing]
- * You've been gone a week ♪
Hey, Dad,
have you seen Harry?
I haven't been able
to reach him.
Not in a couple days.
But it's been a good thing.
I get to sell my pies
instead of turning around
and noticing
one of them is gone.
You expecting Jay's mom?
So she asked if she could
stay with me for a while.
I didn't say yes.
I would never cross that line
without talking to you
after that first time
I crossed the line
without talking to you.
- These are her medications.
one for stomach,
one for help concentrating,
and this is her retainer
that she never remembers
to wear at night.
- So then--
She already asked me.
Yeah.
No, sorry, she told me.
I'm sorry.
Are things bad with you two?
No.
Right now,
she's just mad because
I told her she can't blow off
college to explore the world.
Which I totally
backed you up on.
You know Jay.
She's got this
new girlfriend now,
and it's all about that.
- Yeah.
You want to go see Europe
with your girlfriend? Great.
You can go do that
after you get a degree.
[chuckles]
Meanwhile,
I'd rather see her with you
while waiting
for acceptance letters
than in some hostel
in Amsterdam.
That is, if you're OK with it.
I--
[chuckles]
I'm happy to take her.
Not take her.
Uh, not take her.
I-- bad choice of words.
I--
I'm happy she has you.
Don't let her borrow
your phone charger,
or you'll never see it again.
- Oh.
[laughs]
Noted.
-♪ I'm in love ♪
♪ I'm in love
with a beautiful dove ♪
♪ And she's sweet as pie ♪
There you are.
Where were you?
Asta, I am in love,
and it makes me want to dance.
Oh, my God,
but it didn't teach you how.
- Ah! Ooh! Ah!
- Oh!
Ellen.
Did you do something
with your hair?
It looks nice.
You might want to check him
for a head injury.
Thank you.
I have been trying
to reach you for three days.
I have been with Heather...
[laughs]
Having so much intercourse.
It is exciting to find
new places to have sex.
You should lock your car doors,
by the way.
We have a problem.
Mike and Liv
have been searching
the Alien Tracker's van and--
wait, did have sex in my car?
No.
[giggles]
Yes, it was good!
Uh, but we only did it in
the back seat out of respect.
OK, later we will talk
about boundaries.
But first, you were
the last person to use
the Alien Tracker's van.
If Mike and Liv find your DNA,
they'll know that you were
with him before he died.
That's impossible.
I used over 40 wet wipes
from a barbecue restaurant
on that van and five on myself.
They will find nothing.
Also, where is this van?
And is it locked?
You're not having sex
in the van.
Not if I don't know
where it is.
Did you clean all of it?
I think I know
how to clean a car.
Also, I just--
I just remembered,
I forgot to clean your car.
- Gross!
Mm.
You're so stressed out.
You should chill, girl.
You should be
more like Heather.
[sniffs]
OK, I am stressed out
because the end of the world
might be happening,
but actually,
I'm really happy
that you're happy.
- I am happy.
- Well, good.
But life is about balance.
So you can have a girlfriend
and work on the mission.
[grunts softly]
Fine.
I will go visit the sheriff
and the deputy
and then make sure
that they know nothing.
Oh, thank you.
You should invite Heather
and me to dinner.
You will like her.
OK.
I can do that.
And make a lot of food.
Whoever said "eats like a bird"
never took a bird to sushi.
Oh, God, really?
Here?
No.
[giggles]
[quirky music]
Look like some kind
of chemical formula, right?
What for, I have no idea.
But whatever it is--
It's important
enough to kill over.
Damn, Deputy,
I was gonna say that.
I done waited
my whole career to be able
to say that something was
important enough to kill over,
and I set myself up,
and you just jump in.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know.
You could say
something else like,
"Whatever it is,
it's a recipe for death."
See?
That's even better.
And I can't say that now
because you
just said that too.
This is a nightmare.
Uh, knock, knock.
Dr. Vanderspeigle.
What, you done stopped by
to ruin my day too?
No.
Oh, I just came by
to see how old
Deputy Mustache's
pinworm medication
was working and decided
to visit my old friends.
I don't think
you're allowed to tell us
about Fred's medication.
Uh-oh, you caught me.
Now you have to tell me
a secret about your job.
Are there any fun crimes
that you can share?
Well, Miss Kim's cat flushed
her dentures down the toilet.
Is that fun enough for you?
Picturing a cat
with dentures.
[laughs]
It's very fun.
- Her dentures, not the cat's.
- Then no.
It has been two minutes, and
they have not arrested me yet.
I am safe.
Hey, Doc,
you must know chemistry.
You recognize this formula?
- Where did you get this?
- Why? What is it?
It is a compound
with an alien element.
A Grey element.
[dramatic music]
Sugar. Sugar.
- Sugar?
It seems kind of long
for sugar.
Well, it is a special sugar,
the kind that they used
to make the chocolate sauce
that traps ice cream
in a hard shell,
you know,
that keeps the ice cream
from dripping on your hand,
and you knock on the shell
and say, "Ice cream,
are you in there?"
Because you do not know.
- He's joking.
Sir, he's making a joke.
- Oh, OK.
[laughs]
Yes.
Making a joke
and definitely not memorizing
this formula with my eyes.
I lied.
I am memorizing it
because this formula
may be the key to
understanding the Greys' plan.
And now I want ice cream.
[quirky music]
♪ ♪
Why are we supporting this?
Harry can't date that bird.
He should be saving the Earth.
Well, he can do both.
And Heather's portal is fixed,
so she should be leaving
soon anyway.
Just let him have some fun.
We're not having fun.
We are choosing to be single
until we finish our mission.
[knocking]
- Oh, is that why we're single?
God, I hope so.
Hi.
Heather!
So happy you could join us.
You are right on time.
We were outside.
We saw you bring out the food,
so we came in.
Oh, well,
you didn't have to wait.
We weren't waiting.
We were screwing
in that tree over there.
Yeah, right over there.
[chuckles]
OK, well, probably gonna
want to wash your hands, huh?
- No, thanks.
- No, I do not.
Great.
- Wait, what is that smell?
- Pretty great, huh?
I made feta salad,
brown rice, fresh veggies,
and I made a roast chick--
beef.
- Oh, my God.
- Made a chick beef.
- Did you cook a bird carcass?
How dare you?
- God, I'm so sorry, Heather.
We don't normally
have bird guests,
so we weren't thinking.
- It's OK.
It's an honest mistake.
I am so sorry,
my little sparrow.
Luckily,
we brought our own food.
- Oh, thank you.
- So nice of you.
So-- oh.
- [spitting]
Heather, um,
I hear that you two
are having a lot of fun.
Yeah, I love your car.
Smells like pine.
Oh.
Or it used
to smell like pine.
So the portal is fixed.
You probably have to get back
to work soon, huh?
Yeah.
We'll be going pretty soon.
- We?
- Yes.
[spits]
Heather's leaving,
and so am I.
We are moving
to her home planet!
[laughs]
Ah!
What do you mean you're
going to her home planet?
What about
your special project,
you know, um,
in the Grey folder?
You mean Harry's
secret mission
to stop the Greys
from destroying the Earth?
- She knows?
- You told the bird?
I should tell you,
my noun is Avian.
This is why we are so close.
We do not keep secrets from
one another like humans do.
That is why you will
never know true love
and why you will end up
lonely spinners.
- Well, it's spinsters.
- Why would you correct him?
- No idea.
- Don't be upset you two, OK?
Harry and I,
we tell each other everything.
For instance,
I know you touched his penis.
[tense music]
What?
We were trapped in a crevasse,
and he was seriously injured.
Well, he says you lingered.
What the hell?
You know what you did.
- And what'd he say about me?
- He did not mention you.
[scoffs]
Just the stuff
about Asta groping him,
and that that was
very triggering for him,
very traumatic,
and how the town mayor
has been abducted by Greys.
- Ben's been abducted?
- What?
- When?
- Do not worry.
They bring him back every time,
and he remembers nothing.
Why would you not tell us
this sooner?
Because that is
privileged information
between a patient and a doctor,
and the Avian
that his doctor
is having sex with
in the front seat of your car.
I lied about only doing it
in the back.
Stop having sex in my car.
Now you really
can't leave Earth.
You've got to stay here
and get rid of the Greys.
No, I don't.
Once I figure out
what the Greys' plan is,
I just need to give the General
everything she needs
to defeat them.
Psst.
Oh.
[country music playing softly]
♪ ♪
That is, uh--
[whistles]
[giggles]
[caws]
[gobbles]
- Caw!
- [hooting]
[both groaning and grunting]
[whistles]
Mwah, mwah, mwah, ah.
What?
[both grunting
and groaning intensely]
[gasps]
Ah.
Mmm.
[gasps]
- Hey, it's--
- [grunts]
[screams]
[screaming and exhaling]
- [blowing and snorting]
- I have to go to the bathroom.
- Mm-hmm.
I will chaperone you
like a human male
in a false show of protection.
[quirky music]
Excuse us.
Yeah.
♪ ♪
What the hell?
We have to tell Ben.
No, we can't.
It will expose Harry.
Promise me you will not
tell him anything.
Fine.
Thank you.
- [whistling]
- [grunting]
- [cawing]
- [gobbling]
[wings thumping
and fluttering]
And now they're having sex
in our bathroom.
That's your bathroom.
I'll be using the gym.
[muffled scream]
Hey.
What are you two up to?
Helping Max
build a suspension bridge
for his science project.
- Hmm.
Making good progress,
and it is a great way
to spend time together.
A little father-son bonding.
[sticks clattering]
Whole day wasted.
You know, it doesn't look
like you're helping him.
It looks like
you're doing it for him.
Nope. Nope.
Just inspecting.
You know, barely did anything.
You know, Max is all over it,
aren't you, buddy?
I said, aren't you, buddy?
I'm kind of in the middle
of something.
Get to work.
I already had a project,
but Dad threw it out.
It was a bag of moldy bread.
It was literally trash.
Make your own project, OK?
And one that takes
more effort than just
watching something rot.
You know there's
a whole website where
you can rate teachers, right?
Do your worst.
I already have the worst rating
in the school.
Ugh.
Honey-- oh.
Max isn't going to learn
if we do everything for him.
I know.
I just panicked when I saw
he was gonna turn in
a bag of moldy bread.
I was picked on as a kid.
I don't want Max to have
to go through that, too.
Kids wouldn't
pick on him for that.
They'd think he was cool
for not caring
about science class.
I mean, unless they're nerds,
but who cares what they think.
They're dorks.
You ever consider taking
a sabbatical from teaching?
Every day.
[panting]
Slow down!
Ben?
Come on, this way.
Not so fast!
[tense music]
Ben!
♪ ♪
[gasps softly]
[relaxed music]
If Harry
can have his bird over,
I should be able to have a cat.
OK, I am not allergic
to birds,
and you don't have to clean up
after them, normally.
At least cats
don't have sex in your car.
Oh, God.
We have to do something.
Goliath made it very clear
that Harry and the General
have to save
the planet together.
So he can't leave.
I guess we have
to break them up?
Yes!
Harry's like
a teenager in heat.
The only way
is to get rid of Heather.
I like
where your mind's going.
How big of a snake do you think
we need for a bird that size?
I meant talk to Heather
and get her
to break up with Harry.
- Talk to her.
Snake is back-up, got it.
[knocking]
Oh.
Hey, quick question.
Random.
How would you feel
if Jay moved in for a bit?
Who's at the door?
[knocking]
Funny story.
Jay asked if she could move in.
And then I talked to her mom,
and she said yes,
so I got really excited
about it,
and then I told Jay that she
could stay with us for a while
without talking to you first.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
- Hey, roomies.
- Hi.
Hey, Jay.
We're getting a cat.
Nice.
[upbeat music]
Dr. Vanderspeigle
wasn't lying
about this chocolate sauce.
Makes it fun
when you're not sure
the ice cream's under there.
Well, you bought it
at the ice cream shop,
so I think you are sure.
Well, now I am.
What the hell?
[quirky music]
"Patience isn't safe
with Deputy Beam-Me-Up Baker
in charge."
Don't listen to that.
Clearly, the perpetrator is
not working with a full deck
if they think you in charge.
Look.
Found this chemistry professor
up at CU Boulder.
I checked him out.
He seems to know his stuff.
I said we pay him a visit
and see
if he recognizes the formula.
- No.
- What do you mean, no?
The note is right.
People are in danger
because of me.
And worse, I got wrapped up
in chasing aliens
and led innocent people
to their death,
like Dr. Beasley,
that therapist.
- That's not true.
- Yes, it is.
If I didn't contact Peter
to let him know
there was an alien here,
he never would have come,
and he'd be alive right now.
Everyone I involve
in this gets hurt.
You're better off
handling it without me.
- What?
- And I'm keeping the balloons.
Deputy. Deputy?
Don't start that car.
[engine rumbles]
Don't put this car in reverse.
♪ ♪
Do not drive down that street.
OK, but I'm not gonna save you
any of this ice cream!
Mm.
It's actually under here!
Just the man I'm looking for.
Lena. Hi.
Uh, everything OK?
You tell me.
I kept tabs on the woman
whose prints
you asked me to run.
I just saw she was murdered.
- Ah.
- Look.
I knew if I called,
you would just say were fine
or not pick up at all,
since you tend to do that.
I guess I deserve that.
We both know where
there's smoke, there's fire,
even if the flames aren't big
enough for you to see yet.
I wanted to see
your face when we spoke.
I need to know
that you understand
what you're
getting yourself into.
I appreciate that.
But you don't have
to worry about me.
I'm fine.
OK.
But thanks
for worrying about me.
It's just what I'd do
for any colleague.
How about you?
How are you doing?
How's your boy?
OK.
Good luck with your fire.
Yeah.
I'll be fine.
I've got
my fire retardant clothes.
- Great.
♪ ♪
Great.
[relaxed jazz music]
♪ ♪
♪ Dearest one ♪
♪ You are so dear to me ♪
♪ ♪
♪ I want you near to me ♪
♪ Truly I do ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Dearest one ♪
[phone ringing]
What do you want?
Where is he?
I have obtained
most components
of the compound
from the military lab.
Now all I need from here
is the Grey element.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
The formula
has a carbon-15 isotope
not found on Earth.
The Greys are known to use it
in their highly advanced
technology,
like their
waterless dishwasher
and this spaceship.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
I just saw that documentary
that you were in.
It's fascinating.
I mean, especially
all that stuff about owls.
Is that a real thing?
- Yeah.
Actually, a lot of experiencers
randomly see owls.
Most of us believe
those are actually
false memories planted
to cover up an alien abduction.
- Really?
- Wait, are you seeing owls?
Do you think
you've been abducted?
Oh, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no.
Not me.
No, I'm just curious.
Like-- like hypothetically,
how would someone
know for sure?
Oh.
Well,
owls aren't the only signs.
Someone might have
weird bruising,
lost time
you can't account for.
Some people
even find tiny chips
in their skin that aliens use
as a tracking device.
♪ ♪
If you ever do feel like
you've been abducted,
you can always talk
to me about it.
I will, sure.
- Promise?
- Yes.
- I want to be abducted.
- You do?
No.
[laughs]
Yes.
- Oh.
There's an
experiencer support group
in Braddock
that I go to sometimes.
If you're ever curious,
you should come by.
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah, I'm good.
You can't just go in there
whenever you like.
There's protocol.
Well, I, uh, got
the final ingredient
for my formula.
You will be happy to know
I got the matter.
Good.
But you're supposed to say,
"What is the matter?"
And then I say, "I don't know.
What's the matter with you?"
[laughs]
Is this all
just a joke to you?
No.
Just the joke parts.
Do not worry.
I will get to work and find out
what the Greys are doing here
as soon as I get the henway.
What's a henway?
Well, about six pounds.
[laughs]
That's enough.
Let me tell you something.
You might think it's funny,
but the whole world
is depending on you.
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
Here we go.
[computer beeping]
Sorry, I know you can't hear me
because your brain
doesn't work.
But let's see what I can do
about your vision.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
It works.
Thank you
for meeting with us.
We really feel bad
about the other night.
Mm, I don't think
I was at my best, either.
Meeting the two people
closest to Harry,
I was nervous.
I'm not really great
with other women.
You don't like women.
Bit of a guy's gull.
- Will you stop it?
- I don't think I can.
Anyway, we want to talk
to you about something on Earth
we call girl code.
It says that women have
to be honest with each other.
Oh.
But not with men?
[together]
No.
Girl code is when
we warn each other
when one of us
is about to make a huge mistake
like you are with Harry.
- Mm.
- I don't understand.
Well, think about it.
He's in trouble, and he's
asking you to help him out,
but you have
to break the rules,
and pretty soon,
you'll be on the run
with him like that movie.
Have you ever seen
"Bonnie and Clyde"?
We're 60 light years
behind you guys,
so we're just now getting
Chuck Berry music.
Oh, in 30 years,
you're gonna want
to look out for the Pixies.
You might not be sure at first,
but stick around
for "Doolittle."
"Bossanova" is actually
also kind of sick.
You know,
I'm gonna make you a list.
- OK.
- Um, what we're saying is,
do you really want
to spend your life
with a guy you barely know?
- Yeah.
I mean,
how many kids does he have?
What, 300?
- 400.
Yeah.
And never sees 'em.
Most of them are dead.
And have you met
his other friends, ever? No.
Because he only had one.
- Right.
- Killed him and ate him.
- That is not true!
I did not murder 42, a dog did.
And I only ate him
because it was his last wish.
I changed the recipe
a little bit,
but it said salt to taste, so--
What are you doing here?
We told you,
we don't keep secrets.
OK.
OK, we said some mean things
just now, Harry,
but it's really
because we care for you.
We want to help you.
- [laughs]
- [chuckles]
- Help.
You never help anyone for them.
You do it for you.
Because you think
helping is the only reason
anyone will love you,
so you go around looking
for broken and needy people
to help, which is perfect
that this stray cat
showed up at your door.
Except she cannot
give love back.
Uh-uh.
She can only take
more and more,
because she is a pit of need
with no bottom,
a sun at the center
of her own universe,
incapable of caring
about anyone else but herself.
- OK, well that's--
- Accurate? Yes.
Seems absolutely
accurate to me.
It's like infallible math.
You will never know a love
like Heather and I.
And I feel sorry for you both.
- Harry.
- You want to get out of here?
- Yeah, let's get out of here.
Let's go be in love
somewhere not around hate.
I do want
those music recs, though,
if you get a chance.
- Oh, OK.
[upbeat rock music]
♪ ♪
Chemistry is
a delicate balance.
When you mess with
the balance, things explode.
It is like Asta
and her red raggedy sidekick.
Asta lied to her
about my alien identity,
and the imbalance
nearly ended their friendship.
Now my friendship
with Asta has exploded too.
It is her fault.
I do not care.
The formula is now complete,
and I will be leaving soon.
[knocking]
That will be Asta
coming to apologize,
probably with a pie.
I will get rid of her,
but I will keep the pie.
[test tube rattling]
- I need your help.
- What?
Whoa, cool volcano.
That is not a volcano.
That is a caldera.
You were there.
Did you not hear the raccoon?
Is this
what makes it blow up?
Hey!
Do not touch that.
Harry, come to bed.
Ew.
Hey, you're the alien lady
from the diner.
You told him who I am?
He is one of those
statistical annoyances
that can see through
our genetic disguises.
Such a pest.
- Yeah, they're the worst.
Get out of here, pest.
Shoo!
Yeah, yeah.
Hit the bricks, ya freak.
No, the science fair's today,
and you have to help me
make a project.
I don't have to help you.
You need to get out of here
before my girlfriend
pecks a hole in your face.
Time to go, human child.
- You guys are mean.
- Make like a Kleenex.
Put a little boogie on it.
[laughter]
Oh, well, that turned me on.
[quirky music]
[squawking]
♪ ♪
Oh.
Would you like something
to drink, my love bird?
- Nectar.
- Nectar?
I barely knew her.
[laughter]
Son of a bitch!
♪ ♪
OK.
Stand by your projects, OK?
Mm-hmm.
OK, kids, the judges
are gonna be coming around,
so get ready to answer
some questions, OK?
- All right, Mrs. Hawthorne.
- The deer looks--
- It's a bear.
- Oh.
Hey, check out Max's project.
Max, our son.
You did this all by yourself?
Well, I can't lie.
Yes, I did.
That little shit
does not know what he's done.
Even I do not know the effects
of the Grey compound.
His stupidity
may put others in danger,
or worse, ruin my caldera.
I finally
got the color just right.
[dramatic music]
So, Max, what is a caldera?
- That's right.
- I'm sorry?
That's the project.
People have to guess.
What is a caldera?
Do you know?
- Of course, I know.
I'm a science teacher.
- Great!
Tell me.
- No, you tell me.
I'm sorry.
That's not
a good enough answer.
♪ ♪
Dr. Vanderspeigle.
Hi.
Where is your son?
He is right over there,
next to his caldera.
Isn't it great?
- He stole it from me.
Of course, he did.
♪ ♪
How about a demonstration?
I am too late.
[model hissing]
♪ ♪
[alarm blaring]
- Come on, let's go.
- Sorry, buddy.
We were just about to see
your caldera.
- He stole it.
- Of course, he did.
Max.
- I know, I'm grounded.
Yeah, I was pretty sure
he stole it all along.
Yeah, me too.
Are we bad parents?
We're not great.
[alarm blaring]
[model hissing]
♪ ♪
Is this it?
Is this the only thing
the Greys' compound does?
Just create smoke?
[dramatic eerie music]
♪ ♪
Gravity.
The scrawny Greys
cannot survive
in Earth's gravity.
This is what they want--
not to destroy the Earth,
but to change its atmosphere
and gravitational pull
so only they can survive
and have it to themselves.
That faint one there
is Mars,
the god of war.
And over there is Venus,
the gentle goddess
of fertility.
Wow.
[eerie whooshing]
What's that?
Let's go.
Asta, Kayla, come on.
- Cool!
- Wait up!
- Hey, hey.
- Slow down!
- Come on, this way.
- Not so fast.
[ominous music]
Ben!
♪ ♪
That's a terrifying dream.
Not a dream.
Remember?
Liv said she saw
a UFO that night.
The Greys were there.
They took Ben.
- Oh.
I don't think
I was supposed to remember,
but maybe something Harry said
made the memory
come back somehow.
I don't--
- Oh, my God, that's horrible.
- I know.
And what did I do?
Nothing.
You were ten.
And you didn't even remember
until now.
It doesn't matter.
I should have known.
I've been so focused
on my own shit
that I can't even see when
one of my friends needs help.
You know, Harry was right.
You heard him.
I'm just a selfish asshole
who only thinks about myself.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah, no, I heard him.
I was there.
Yeah, but you have to agree.
Otherwise, you would have
said "no," not "yeah."
I disagree, OK?
Harry was just mad.
I mean, he said
that I only help people
so they'll love me.
That's bullshit.
- Yeah, I know.
- What was that?
- What was what?
- You hesitated.
- Did not.
- You did.
I'm a nurse, OK?
I help people.
So sorry.
- OK, stop. Stop.
The plan was to break up
him and Heather, not us.
Right, I'm sorry.
Yes. Sorry.
Look, if I don't tell Ben,
then Harry will definitely
be right about me.
You cannot tell him.
I wasn't there for him then,
but I could be there
for him now.
- You cannot tell him.
He has a family, a life.
He's happy, for Ben, anyway.
And if you tell him,
it could possibly--
Help him?
Ruin his life.
Sometimes when
we try to help people,
it's not really for them.
Here's your order, Asta.
- Oh, thanks, Kim.
- You're welcome.
Jay asked me
to get her some dinner.
- I am her mother.
- I know!
Get that look off your face.
- But-- wha--
- Ah.
[eerie music]
♪ ♪
[clattering]
All right, Joseph,
I know it's you.
Come on out.
We can talk about this.
[rapid footsteps]
Joseph?
♪ ♪
Some people even find
tiny chips in their skin
that aliens use
as a tracking device.
♪ ♪
[ominous music]
[dramatic music]
[knocking]
Hey, buddy.
Hey.
What's going on?
Nothing,
just in the neighborhood.
I thought I'd drop by.
Just a friend
checking on her friend.
Yeah, how are you doing?
- Yeah, fine.
It feels like maybe this
could have been a phone call.
Ah.
You know who shows up
in person?
Real friends do.
That's who.
I thought I'd throw this
out there.
If you, Kate, ever want,
like, a date night,
I'm here for you.
I could come over and babysit.
Well,
the last time you babysat,
I found an empty wine bottle
in the bathtub.
Doesn't need
to be babysitting.
Could be anything, really.
You know, airport rides,
groceries, you know.
[taps piano key]
Give this thing a tune.
Take it easy.
It's late.
I know it's late.
I just want you to know
I'm here for you.
I really am.
Whatever you need.
Are you sure you're doing OK?
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Of course.
What was that?
Did you say something
about camping?
- No.
- Weird.
Could have sworn you did.
Huh.
You remember
those camping trips
we used to take
up on the ridge?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Yeah.
And that time we were kids,
and you saw something--
and we all chased after it,
like a light.
Yeah, sort of.
But there wasn't anything.
Or was there, right?
- There wasn't.
- Or was there?
I can play this game all night.
But wouldn't it be weird
if something did happen
and you were forced
to forget it?
You know,
like, abducted by aliens.
Oh, wow.
You wouldn't even know
about it.
Yeah, yeah.
That would be pretty weird.
But you were abducted
by aliens that night.
Or were you?
Just kidding.
But you were.
And I wasn't there
for you then,
but I'm here for you now.
I'm sorry, do you--
are you being serious?
You really think
I was abducted by aliens?
Let's bring this full circle.
You were abducted by aliens.
I can't tell you how I know,
but I do know.
And I'm here for you now
as a friend,
a good friend.
[sighs]
OK.
Oh, God, I feel good.
Do you feel good?
- Never better.
- Great.
[somber music]
♪ ♪
[strumming guitar]
♪ I am just an alien
♪ Who came from up above ♪
♪ I wanted to kill everyone ♪
♪ But then I fell in love ♪
♪ I fell ♪
♪ In love ♪
Whoo-hoo!
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
♪ I fell ♪
♪ In love ♪
♪ She is a Blue Avian ♪
♪ The feelings are complex ♪
♪ I cannot wait
to see her soon ♪
♪ So we can have
great intercourse ♪
♪ I should have ♪
♪ Said sex ♪
♪ Love has changed
everything ♪
♪ Everything I knew ♪
♪ I knew the world
had many things ♪
♪ But I never knew
the world had you ♪
[suspenseful music]
The Greys know
where your family lives.
You will do what we say,
or we will kill them all.
You understand?
Good.
You work for the Greys now.
You are gonna help us
get Harry's alien DNA.
Why?
Why are you doing this?
Because we do what we want.
And once you give me
what I need,
you will leave
the planet without Harry
and you will
never see him again,
or we will kill him too.
♪ I'm in love with Heather ♪
♪ That's all I have to say ♪
♪ Together with Heather
forever and ever ♪
♪ 'Cause love never goes away ♪
OK.
♪ Love never goes away ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Love never goes ♪
♪ Away ♪